Add borders for floating windows in Neovim (#3603)
dense-analysis/ale: doc/ale.txt

  |g:ale_detail_to_floating_preview| to `1`.

g:ale_floating_window_border                       *g:ale_floating_window_border*

  Type: |List|
  Default: `['|', '-', '+', '+', '+', '+']`

>   When set to `[]`, the border rendering is disabled. The elements in the list
>   present the values for horizontal, top, top-left, top-right, bottom-right 
>   and bottom-left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When set to `[]`, window borders are disabled. The elements in the list
  set the horizontal, top, top-left, top-right, bottom-right 
  and bottom-left border characters, respectively.
```

Some grammar to change.

>   If the terminal suuports unicode, you may set the value with
>   ` ['│', '─', '╭', '╮', '╯', '╰']` for a beautiful looking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the terminal supports Unicode, you might try setting the value to
  ` ['│', '─', '╭', '╮', '╯', '╰']`, to make it look nicer.
```
